fix error to create service metrics when run operator-sdk up local (#2190)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

### Removed

### Bug Fixes

> - Skip service metrics when is running out of the cluster. ([#2190](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2190))

Author: ```suggestion
- Adding proper messages to make clear that service for custom resources metrics will not be created when the project is running out of the cluster. ([#2190](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2190))
```

### Bug Fixes

> - Skip metrics creation when running the operator locally. ([#2190](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2190))

Reviewer: We already skip metrics creation when running locally, right? This PR is about logging a more informative message to help the user understand that skipping metrics creation is not an error, right?

Author: The current msgs/loggings give an impression that it is an error when is not. 
I improved the description and move to changed section in the changelog.

### Bug Fixes
- Fix issue faced in the Ansible based operators when `jmespath` queries are used because it was not installed. ([#2252](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2252))
- Fix scorecard behavior such that a CSV file is read correctly when `olm-deployed` is set to `true`. ([#2274](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2274))
- A CSV config's `operator-name` field will be used if `--operator-name` is not set. ([#2297](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2297))
- Populates a CSV's `spec.install` strategy if either name or strategy body are missing with a deployment-type strategy. ([#2298](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2298))

> - Skip service metrics when is running out of the cluster. ([#2190](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2190))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Skip metrics creation when running the operator locally. ([#2190](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2190))
```
